add config parameters doc for destination in service-defaults (#13950)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/service-defaults.mdx

</Tab>
</Tabs>

> ### Terminating-gateway Destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Terminating gateway destination
```

> Create a destination to be assigned as a service to a terminating gateway

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a destination to be assigned as a service to a terminating gateway. A destination represents a location outside of the consul cluster. They can be dialed directly when transparent proxy mode is enabled.
```

> Create a destination to be assigned as a service to a terminating gateway

Reviewer: is this still accurate? 

```suggestion
Create a default destination that will be assigned to a terminating gateway.
```

<CodeTabs tabs={[ "HCL", "Kubernetes YAML", "JSON" ]}>

  ```hcl

>   kind = "service-defaults"
>   name = "test-destination"
>   protocol = "tcp"
>   Destination {
>     Addresses = ["test.com","test.org"]
>     Port = 443
>   }

Reviewer 2: Other HCL entries are upper camel case.
```suggestion
  Kind = "service-defaults"
  Name = "test-destination"
  Protocol = "tcp"
  Destination {
    Addresses = ["test.com","test.org"]
    Port = 443
  }
```

  ```

>   ```yaml
>   apiVersion: consul.hashicorp.com/v1alpha1
>   kind: ServiceDefaults
>   metadata:
>   name: test-destination
>   spec:
>     destination:
>       Addresses: ["test.com","test.org"]
>       Port: 443
>   ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ```yaml
  apiVersion: consul.hashicorp.com/v1alpha1
  kind: ServiceDefaults
  metadata:
    name: test-destination
  spec:
    destination:
      addresses: 
        - "test.com"
        - "test.org"
      port: 443
  ```
```

        },
      ],
    },
    {
      name: 'Destination',
      type: 'DestinationConfig: <optional>',

>       description: `Controls configuration specific to proxies to destinations through terminating-gateway. Added in v1.13.0.`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: `Controls configuration specific to destinations through terminating-gateway. Added in v1.13.0.`,
```

      children: [
        {
          name: 'Addresses',
          type: 'array<string>: []',

>           description: `List of addresses associated with the destination. Could be a hostname or an IP`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: `List of addresses associated with the destination. This can be a hostname or an IP address.`,
```

>           description: `List of addresses associated with the destination. Could be a hostname or an IP`,
>           yaml: false,

Reviewer 2: Since this is part of the Kube CRD, I think we need that field.

```suggestion
          description: `List of addresses associated with the destination. Could be a hostname or an IP. Wildcards are not accepted.`,
          yaml: `List of addresses associated with the destination. Could be a hostname or an IP. Wildcards are not accepted.`,
```

        },
        {
          name: 'Port',
          type: 'int: 0',

>           description: `Port number associated with the destination`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          description: `Port number associated with the destination.`,
```

>           description: `Port number associated with the destination`,
>           yaml: false,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          description: `Port number associated with the destination.`,
          yaml: `Port number associated with the destination.`,
```

        },
      ],
    },
    {
      name: 'Destination',
      type: 'DestinationConfig: <optional>',
      description: `Controls configuration specific to destinations through terminating-gateway. Added in v1.13.0.`,
      children: [
        {
          name: 'Addresses',
          type: 'array<string>: []',
          description: `List of addresses associated with the destination. This can be a hostname or an IP address.
          Wildcards are not accepted.`,

>           yaml: false,

Reviewer 2: We need something in this section since it will be part of the Kube CRDS, correct? Is that what this field is for?

        },
        {
          name: 'Port',
          type: 'int: 0',
          description: `Port number associated with the destination.`,

>           yaml: false,

Reviewer 2: Same comment here.

        },
      ],
    },
    {
      name: 'Destination',
      type: 'DestinationConfig: <optional>',
      description: `Controls configuration specific to destinations through terminating-gateway. Added in v1.13.0.`,
      children: [
        {
          name: 'Addresses',
          type: 'array<string>: []',
          description: {
            hcl:  `List of addresses associated with the destination. This can be a hostname or an IP address.
          Wildcards are not accepted.`,
            yaml:  `List of addresses associated with the destination. This can be a hostname or an IP address.
          Wildcards are not accepted.`,

>           },

Reviewer 3: If they're the same description you can just use `description: "blah"`. You don't need the subkeys, those are only for when the descriptions are different.

Reviewer 3: if yaml is false that means there is no kube description so then yeah you can just use description, if yaml is true then if they're the same description don't use the subkeys and if they're different use the subkeys

Author: and I guess yaml is true by default, right?
